[Music]
first the week before Christmas and
flying north in the sled was a very
special visitor Santa's big brother Fred
mr. Claus welcome to the North Pole
[Music]
gotta make sure nothing happens to me
something happened to them maybe I give
them Brothers pictures invite you to
come home for the holidays it has been a
hundred years since you spoke to mom for
good reason you're looking at a man who
can fly around the world in a single
night you amaze me I think it's
absolutely amazing to think that he can
fly around to a million houses in one
night breaking and entering steal all
the food eat the little kids cookies and
stuff like that I get jack just talking
about it don't you guys feel it
ah family's together again fun fun fun
let's get you to work you review those
files okay if the kid strikes you as
naughty bad stamping naughty nice fat is
really motivated oh thanks Joe
my last eggnog was a little watery I'm
just hoping this one's nice and thick
like I enjoy so much okay hmm back on
your a-game
[Music]
[Applause]
it's proven when you take a little bit
of a break you have an explosion of
efficiency
the board is seriously considering
shutting you down oh and also we're
gonna dump the Easter Bunny this holiday
season is ready all you think about is
yourself
don't throw snowballs at me fat boy
wedding crashers
then spoon I'm having a ball oh-ho-ho-ho
Giamatti he needed practice tough love
time a saint sweetheart
tough loves a little difficult for me
bread cause you sure you wouldn't be
more comfortable down here on the bottom
I don't think it's gonna make much of a
difference Willie